// Questions to be added after the corresponding name

// EDIT: Get more options for these questions! And let's make these questions as ambiguous as we can!!

Vedant:
1) You are driving fast to the hospital since you got a call that your mom met with an accident and is unconsious now. 
   But, in this situation of haste, worry, and panic, you drive recklessly and hit someone and the impact seems pretty strong.
   The time is around 2:00 AM and there is no one other than you two. You stop the car just at the impact. You are horribly scared now! 
   At this instant, you have the following options. What would you choose-
      1) Get out of the car and see if he's okay or not. And if he's unconsious, then just leave this place since anyone no one will ever know that this person died due to you!
      2) Just drive ahead since you don't know how much time does your mom have, without worrying about this man!
      3) Take the man along with you, but remember that in your country there is death penalty for deaths caused by accidents due to reckless driving! So there is a risk that that person is dead!
      4) Call an ambulance from his phone(so that you remain anonymous) and leave the place, so that if that person is dead then you won't have to face a death penalty!
           
 2) You are an arrogant professor with a great amount of ego. You are known to impose very strict punishments on students for slightest of their mistakes.
    Just like always, you find a student copying even this time, during the final exam. You scold him and ask him to hand you over the answer script and leave the place.
    But, he refuses to do so. So, you snatch his paper away and tear it into pieces. That boy is teary eyed now and writes something on the rough sheet, crumbles it, throws it somewhere in the class, and then leaves.
    You go to that crumbled paper, open it, and find a threat for suicide! What will you do now?
      1) Assume that he's lying and trying to manipulate you and so don't do anything.
      2) Run out of the classroom, looking for that boy, putting aside all the ego and arrogance that you have against the students!

 3) You are a huge marvel fan and have been waiting for months for endgame to release. But it releases during your exam which is supposed to last for around 10 days.
    Because of your busy schedule, you are unable to meet your gf(who doesn't like marvel at all) for around three weeks. Meanwhile, you also fought on phone and are on a break till the exams end!
    And she's leaving for her home after the exams. So, you will be able to meet her only after the exams end. What will you choose?-
      1) Watch the movie with your friends since she badly misbehaved with you that night and so convert that "break" into a "break-up"!
      2) Convince her somehow to watch movie with you and if she says no, then go for the movie with your friends, since she never agrees to the things that make you feel good!
      3) Forget the movie, keep aside your ego, hope that everything goes fine (and be ready for a heartbreak), and take her for a dinner date.
      4) Forget the movie and the date, talk to your mom rather since you haven't talked for around a month and she deserves your love and affection.
      



Shreya:
1) If your exams ended today and your grandparents have come to visit you.
   You have two options -
    1) Go for an after exams party with your friends.
    2) Go out with your grandparents for a dinner.
   What would you choose.
2) Your parents want to come and visit you in your hostel and you have a party to attend the day.
    1) You will call your parents and spend time with them.
    2) You will go with your friends.
    



